hello man roster this is your boy Chaka
twisting for- was a comment today I'm
going to go ahead and break down the
Green Bay Packers single back formation
the tight flakes now type flex is my
hair information on this play will
because you could actually come and no
throw to the flash weak emotion two wide
receivers they're outside out of the
line of scrimmage so right here I'm
making sure that all my receivers my
passive receivers are in the fuel and
the receivers that can catch in traffic
on the field so I you guys saw on my
other video i posted the depth chart
that I don't want as an introduction for
this guy and we're gonna go ahead and
put right here so Abby we're gonna go
ahead and put him on a fade or a streak
that's what you want to do that could be
a primary read as soon as you most you
can have a step to the outside and
passing it to the inside as you guys can
see here my player fumbled because he
got hit but you're gonna go ahead and
try to get one more time now you could
also put be on the right side on a fade
route I'm gonna go ahead and drags us X
and we're gonna go ahead right here like
the ball the corner route gets wide open
against meant to man he just doesn't get
guarded at all and as you guys can see
here he goes to the sideline wide open
so we're gonna go ahead and try to hear
one more time and you guys can see here
this you could streak the outside wide
receiver on the right you can motion
have a step to the outside or putting
him on a fade and then you're gonna get
them wide open for a passage to the
inside or outside you gotta read the
defender kiss in the inside passage to
the outside edges in the outside padley
to the inside that's what you want to do
another thing that I like about this
formation is that you could motion the
running back when did you guys can see
let me show you here one more time with
the fray rock what I want to show you
guys here is with the running back we
could also motion him to the right or to
the left as you guys can see here put
him on the flat or wheel I prefer that
we look at this wide open to the side
line especially they're sending the
blitz that rod will be wide open as well
so we're gonna go ahead and do it again
one more time
put running back right here and on the
wheel rod motion him to the right this
time put a streak on be same thing same
set up for the like as a previous setup
that we had and we get a really nice
game with the running back and that's
what you want harry said running back
because he has a nice speed I Anna as
well we close always audible down to a
run and get nice nice yardage especially
in the plain fact defense there's a good
running back to have now we're going to
go ahead and continue with the setup you
can also drag both outside one outside
and once a lot and then fade route one
outside and wants a lot receiver you
could do that as well and just passively
to the insider to the outside depending
on what your opponent's doing so this
play you have a lot of things you could
do but these are my basic cells for this
play you commotion do so I receive
around the drag get him on a nice speed
birds right there and get him to catch
the ball just past need it towards the
silent e always gonna get a nice catch
again we're gonna go ahead and try it
again one more time drag jenny's on the
left put be right here on the track
crowd we don't get it in this situation
but we're gonna go ahead and try it
again one more time this is a really
nice play to go into the center because
you could always attack no huddle and
it's really hard to stop I mean and as
you guys can see here i don't get the
catch but we're gonna go ahead and try
it again one more time so here we go
motion Jones have step to the outside so
wait for the drag down the middle to
come this time and we get a really nice
catch and get zone you want to hit the
streaks or as well that corner rod with
why it gets wide open torial silent
really great play and a quick fast
offense as well you like that that your
style quick passing this is sit right
here so until later I hope you guys
liked this video let me know what you
guys think you want a more in-depth
breakdown of the single back playbook
let me know or another formation i'll go
ahead and break it down but I'm not done
with this playbook yet so make sure you
guys stay tuned for the next video